tonight we're going to party like it's
1999 right here in this special episode
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you we're going to talk
about Prince no not exactly but we are
going to look at what's happening and
the theme of today is all about the
repeating patterns are we in the same
situation that we've seen before I'm
going to show you an article first that
refers to the dog com bubble and then
towards the end I'm going to show you
another pattern which has emerged this
is going to be an interesting one I'm
going to cover the obvious the basics
but I want to get into um another layer
of this onion we will peel back but I
wanted to start with the most obvious
front and center Wall Street parties
like it's in this case
1998 as AI fuels gains unmatched since
the Doom era you've seen what happened
with cryptocurrencies with Bitcoin
Bitcoin went over a 100,000 and usually
what occurs in these is that just like
you know we've seen in previous patterns
where Bitcoin goes first and then others
follow behind it that same pattern is
going on right now and it doesn't mean
that it's going to follow the exact same
pattern and that this happened exactly
like that last last time so it's going
to happen exactly like that this time
but you can see the S&P 500 is on track
to close 20 24 with a gain of nearly
27% after setting a 50 record highs uh
setting 50 record highs this year um you
know think about it you're just
compounding massively we haven't seen
this before Black Rock your friends at
Black Rock they said that this is the
end end to the boom and bust
cycle H where have we heard that
before do you remember yes in my reading
many many years ago looking at all of
those pages of History
1929 we heard that exact thing and of
course there's more to that story you
could see the S&P 500 performance is on
track for its best back-to-back yearly
performance since the late 1990s
incredible interest rates poised to go
lower and of course the rest of the
world is basically on fire or down the
drain and so the United States becomes a
very
attractive you
know what's the term but it is more
attractive than the rest just by default
and and so they do get into some issues
but what I'm trying to suggest to you is
that what we're looking at at this point
here and the previous year is there have
been incredible gains AI you have just
general optimism for the markets
increasing uh I should say decreasing
interest rates these things start to add
up and they've been performing better
and better if you look at the breadth
that's where things change breett is
basically a measurement of how many
stocks are actually moving up and how
many are not and if you look at that it
shows us that in fact not all of the
stock market is performing well it's a
handful of names carrying the market you
might ask well what what kind of names
are there well of course there's the
nvidias of the world and there are The
Usual Suspects the big tech companies
now the problem with that is that when
we find big tech companies or heavy
concentrations
occur people tend to use this let's say
they made their 10x on that particular
stock big investors not the ones who buy
seven shares the big investors are there
and they say okay we've made our 10x we
are now going to sell they might sell a
small position a big big position or the
entire position depending on the
circumstances but they usually use that
as an opportunity and they say I've had
enough I think I'm going to you know cut
this position or whatever While most of
the people are saying oh this is just
I'm just going to pile on more and more
and more it's a very different view of
how things work so be careful and be
mindful I covered that on the finance
Friday session in depth why Americans
aren't buying cars anymore and I thought
this was about the debt circumstance I
thought was about the fact that the cost
of these vehicles continues to rise I
thought it was because people are up to
their you know
faces in debt in all the expenses but
actually it was all about the fact that
people's personal habits are changing
their preferences are changing and
they're buying you know what they call
crossovers instead but I wanted to focus
on the debt so I just made a few points
there we have this look at the price of
you know this the agriculture food
index when I look at this it's just one
measurement because you can go to the
grocery store and see some different
prices I go to the places where I can
get the the freshest stuff for the
lowest cost um and so you have to know
where where to go and so on um but
that's what I do certainly I've seek out
you know the right places for the stuff
that I eat
and you should do the same you shouldn't
go to the place that's necessarily you
know oh this is the one I've been going
to for 20 years no you got to find the
right place uh okay and um you will make
a difference you know the circumstances
in 2020 I told people lock in your um
Energy prices lock them in lock them in
people told me that that actually saved
them I told them to look into it to make
that phone call to call their company
their provider and said look I want to
lock this rate in they locked it in the
price is skyrocketed and that difference
in price saved them I feel incredible
about that okay doesn't always work
because sometimes the price can go down
but in those cases it was obvious what
was going on okay Consumer Credit
monthly change you could see what's
happening look at this this is the third
biggest monthly jump on record for
revolving credit and you could see the
interest rates on credit cards oh by the
way they've gone higher if it can even I
didn't even realize that could happen
but here we are we are above 23% and
that's average that's just average okay
A lot of people are paying more than
that the debt problem is an issue cars
credit cards housing anything you can
imagine buy now pay lers all of that so
there's there's a fundamental problem is
what I'm trying to highlight to you if
you want to know more about the finance
Friday uh why not just get him for free
how about that one individual in the
group is
sponsoring you to be in every week we
have one person winning one free session
all right and last week we did a special
because there was three people because I
couldn't get for the previous three
weeks this is how you get in and see the
depth the depth is unbelievable we went
like two and a half hours last time so
we had three people on that one it was
fantastic good group of people that that
joined and you know I just can get into
things much better and like I'm saying
this is a giveaway so you can get in get
in that session and I hope you'll enjoy
it I hope you get some something out of
that hit the link in the description
there's a giveaway you go in there and
just you know make sure you check your
spam folder or anything if if you don't
see an email okay it's important so get
that link get on the finance Friday I'll
see you there data centers are sending
Global electricity demand soaring you've
heard of this I know but what's
happening is you know twofold in that we
see electricity demand and then we have
this idea that AI is going to be in
everything we're being told that
everybody's telling us this you know
Jeff Bezos recently just said this
everybody body s saying it right well we
have a current problem which is we don't
have enough electricity to meet the
demand you know this this comes up
occasionally and so we need to put AI in
everything it's it's a really really
energy intensive process so how do we
bridge the gap well it's going to take a
lot of investment where you see a lot of
investment quono who stands to get G
it's not just the nvidias of the world
so watch the money flow and you will see
it for yourself I cover that on the
finance Friday in dep you know you you
can look at this I'm I'm very clear I've
been very clear about this over the last
while and you could see it for for
yourself okay there is going to be this
massive massive demand some companies
are winning yes of course the nvidias
are are doing very well to you know
supply all the chips and things but
there are many others a lot of other
ways to play this a lot of places that
are going to be able to take advantage
of this boom that's going on so while
some are going to be struggling there's
no question about it there are others
that're going to be doing really
well and so AI is one of these things
that we're experiencing a boom in and
that is causing uh a lot of euphoria
where else have we seen some Euphoria
can you believe it nfts hit
$562 million in monthly sales volumes
recording a six-month High I don't like
to see this at all I don't like to see
this at all because I would say I don't
have a number but
99.9% of these nfts are nonsense garbage
there are some and I love by the way I
love
the idea that there could be some sort
of utility for examp for example you buy
a ticket okay you buy a ticket to a show
that there's an nft associated with that
which confirms the authenticity you buy
a you know sports team jersey there's an
nft that's corresponding this confirms
the authenticity fantast I love that but
a a you know a pixelated
monkey is not a good
thing I I don't care if it's limited it
it's a pixelated
monkey and so that is coming up again
and the last time we saw this we had
some serious pain it was felt first of
course in the nft market then cryptos
Bitcoin stock market and everything was
uh dealing with some issues after this
is the second repeating pattern not good
okay we need to let some steam off right
now it's wor look be happy if you if you
see markets coming down by 10% that's a
very good thing if markets don't very
bad so just keep an eye on that I want
to talk quickly about what's going on
with tariffs you got to understand this
okay China is the main manufacturer of
the world you got to understand how
dialed in China is people say ah you
know well you got to manufacture here or
there or I'll go maybe they don't
necessarily say you know manufacture in
the US they'll say I do it in Vietnam or
do it in India do it where have you
dealt with this
manufacturers in China things move much
smoother they have the entire process
dialed in if you ask them a certain
question they don't say uh what What's
that they understand the export Market
they just have it dialed in you make you
you you make that request it happens
when you need to change something when
you need alterations no problem other
countries generally just they're just
not there okay so it can get there but
it takes time if you want to manufacture
in the United States my goodness yeah
you better have if you if you are Tesla
if you are a company that you know has
the power apple or whatever you you you
can do the entire thing but if you are a
small medium-sized company you just
can't you just can't because you're not
going to be able to do the entire thing
you you can't go and build manufacturing
plants it's just not viable today
because of everything that's
happened you know this is the problem it
is a big problem and now with tariffs
look at this example
25% UF us tariffs would bring Canadian
unemployment to
8% check that out and the
dollar at 65
cents 152 us to the Canadian dollar all
right the Looney the Looney is just
losing value rapidly but anyway that's
what they're saying we don't know if
that's going to happen but I want to
make it clear okay right here right now
in what's happening people need to get
wise to the circumstances what am I
doing look I'm making US dollar I'm
getting in now to the
UK getting into other markets in Europe
they've got their own problems but I
still want to be exposed to them why
because I can take my single product or
multiple products and I can now expose
them to different markets I get
geographical diversification and I get
currency
diversification okay of course I'm still
dealing with the United States Canada
Mexico but I'm also dealing with these
other countries that's very important
look if you want to know more about this
this website by the way the way where I
have it hosted they're going bankrupt uh
or did go bankrupt so uh at some point
this website's not going to work anymore
I got to build a new website the money
gps.com
slive find out more about this okay it
is extremely important that you be aware
of what I'm teaching here because I have
looked into it in depth and now you see
me once a week look you see these other
guys who are putting out two videos a
day and all this stuff they're selling
you all this stuff look I know what I'm
doing because I saw the writing on the
wall years ago and realize I got to
build a true online business that
doesn't need my name behind it so that
it can be sold okay that's a whole
different story I want to see you at
least at the very least if you're not
going to do that Finance Friday you know
get the giveaway but if if you're not
going to do that go to the money gps.com
Compass it's totally free free stuff
I'll give you all the free stuff the
money gps.com Compass check it out and
don't forget to hit that thumbs up and
I'll see you next time take care